<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2ftriage-meeting\2f 2019-06-20\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>2019.06.20</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2019-06-20>2019-06-20</h1><h2 id=volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</h2><ul><li>No issues discussed this week.</li></ul><h2 id=backport-decisions>Backport decisions</h2><ul><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;resolve: Temporarily make panic available with no_implicit_prelude&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61971>#61971</a></p><ul><li>Backport accepted</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;Fix ICE involving mut references&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61947>#61947</a></p><ul><li>Backport accepted</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;rustc_typeck: correctly compute Substs for Res::SelfCtor.&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61896>#61896</a></p><ul><li>Backport accepted</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;Fix rust-lldb wrapper scripts.&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61827>#61827</a></p><ul><li>Backport declined</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;Fix cfg(test) build for x86_64-fortanix-unknown-sgx&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61503>#61503</a></p><ul><li>Backport accepted</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;Dont ICE on an attempt to use GAT without feature gate&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61118>#61118</a></p><ul><li>Backport accepted</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;Limit dylib symbols&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/59752>#59752</a></p><ul><li>Backport accepted</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;create a &ldquo;provisional cache&rdquo; to restore performance in the case of cycles&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61754>#61754</a></p><ul><li>We&rsquo;re going to wait a week and then revisit this</li></ul></li><li><p>Beta: &ldquo;Hygienize macros in the standard library&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/61629>#61629</a></p><ul><li>Backport accepted</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=working-group-sync>Working group sync</h2><p>There wasn&rsquo;t time to check-in with the working groups this week.</p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</a></li><li><a href=#backport-decisions>Backport decisions</a></li><li><a href=#working-group-sync>Working group sync</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>