# 2019-04-11

# Volunteers wanted

- seeking help on resolving ["[firefox] error: relocation refers to local symbol "" [12], which is defined in a discarded section"](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59652)

- seeking help on resolving ["Compiler panic with generic-typed nested closures"](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59494)

# Backport decisions

- No backport decisions were made at this meeting because there were no PRs nominated for backport.

# Working group sync

## [wg-mir-opt](https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/mir-opt/README.md)

- The current goal is to make the MIR `Place` data structure non-recursive ([Issue #52708](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/52708)).
This should use less memory, be easier to work with, and probably faster as well.

- After that is completed, there are a number of other `Place` related refactorings and other ideas from the All-Hands meeting that can be worked on.

- [Link to full discussion](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-11.20.2354818/near/163105192)

## [wg-pipelining](https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/pipelining/README.md)

- The goal is to allow Cargo to invoke rustc sooner letting downstream crates start compiling while upstream crates do LLVM work ([Issue #58465](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58465))

- This working group is just getting started and had its initial meeting on 4/5.

- [Link to full discussion](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-11.20.2354818/near/163106257)
