# 2019.03.22

[Zulip topic.](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850)

## Announcements

- [oli-obk](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161450157)
  mentions that wg-diagnostics is planning [to use the annotate-snippets crate](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59346) within rustc.
- [nikomatsakis](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161450198)
  is planning, as part of the @*WG-meta* working group, an RFC that will propose more intermediate levels for the compiler team to recognize committed, regular contributors.
- [Zoxc](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161450307)
  almost has a series of PRs pushing queries all the way back to parsing. 
- [davidtwco](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161450922)
  has, [after numerous attempts](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161451008), managed to produce a have a working branch
  that unblocks RFC 2008.
- [pnkfelix](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161455043)
  applauds oli-obk's [fixmeh project](https://oli-obk.github.io/fixmeh/), which lists all the FIXME comments in the compiler.

## Main topic

Our main topic of the day was **enumerating the needs of the compiler team**:

> Can we try to enumerate what are some of things the compiler team needs to be tracking? What communication is (or should) be happening? I'd like us to be able to come up with a good list of all the things we think should be happening, so that we can compare against our existing processes, and try to ensure they are covered (or adjust the processes as needed).

We produced a [paper document](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Compiler-team-tasks-and-roles--AZ3lQbJIE85P1R6~Xku6qL0RAg-TZxdEmmzMTD049QvEG4Li) that contains a pretty comprehensive listing, sorted into categories.

After other topics that came up along the way:

- [Ideas for how to have higher-level design meetings](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161452801)
- [Thoughts about the "office hours" concept](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161453525)
- [What we can do about status updates](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161454477)
- [lolbench](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E03.2E22.20.2358850/near/161461620), the project to measure and track the performance of generated code
