# 2019.01.04

[Zulip topic](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04)

We discussed the upcoming Rust All Hands. We have a [HackMd
document][doc] that lists a bunch of ideas for what to talk about,
but mostly we talked about how to structure the meeting itself.

[doc]: https://hackmd.io/Wbnday_dQxSy-iPWLm33Rg

We summarized [how the All Hands was structured last
year](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154414708):
basically meetings focused around particular topics, with the team
(and others) mostly in a kind of semi-circle or around a whiteboard. 

One of the ideas we had for this year is that we could have some
sessions that are just focused on [explaining how a particular area of
the code
works](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154414981),
which could [help people unfamiliar with an area get up to
speed](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415043).

In general, we decided that each of our slots should begin with [some
exposition of "how things work
now"](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415298),
and then segway into "here are problems to resolve". We will try to
take good notes on these expositions as well.

We discussed how it might also be useful to [talk about some of the tools
that are "adjacent" to the
compiler](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415252),
e.g., rustdoc or RLS.

We discussed some possibler areas for discussion:

- [the rustc-guide](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415509)
- [related work, like RLS, rustdoc,](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415505)
  or [cranelift](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415743)
- [mentoring?](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415632)
  - maybe, but we have to figure out specifically what
- [salsa, polonius, chalk, etc](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415977)
- [diagnostics](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154416365)

On the topic of IDEs, it would be useful to [hear from Matklad about
rust-analyzer](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415886).

We also thought a bit about some more "radical" ideas that might be worth
making a bit more concrete:

- [downloading pre-compiled artifacts](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154416722)
- [compiling all configurations at once for docs, IDE](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154416819)

