# 2019.01.17

[Zulip topic](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17)

We [discussed the upcoming Rust All Hands](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.coma/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156373953). 

One of the first things we focused on is [trying to get consensus
about what the **P1 Problems** are that we are aiming to
tackle](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374223).
[Our goal is to have this list complete before the all
hands](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375133).
Our [initial
list](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374353)
looked like this:

- compilation time
  - better compilation time investigation tools/analysis
  - this should work in cooperation with cargo, so we can see whole story
- rls, completions
- “too hard to do anything” — technical debt
- “too hard to find people to do things” — organizational debt
  - hard to learn, monolithic architecture
  - poorly documented
  - long compilation times, memory requirements

Looking at it, we realized a few things:

- in past meetings, we've discussed how it feels [hard to justify time spent writing docs](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374713). In general, we felt we [needed some form of concrete incentive](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374924), similar to how [performance optimization gets you that nice green bar](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374984). To that end we talked about:
    - [maybe we can set some specific documentation targets?](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374831) For example, enabling `deny(missing_docs)` by summer.
    - or identify some other form of [doc coverage metric](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374860)
    - we might also [block PRs that lower the doc threshold](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375096)
- in general, this seemed like a good topic to revist under a ["compiler team governance and apprenticeship" meeting at all hands](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375119)

In terms of the all hands, one idea for a [possible outcome is to try
and produce a "slew of technical design
RFCs"](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375133),
at least for certain key areas (e.g., the so-called MIR 2.0). We later
softened this to a ["technical outline plus a plan for who writes the
full
text"](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375466),
where a ["plan" includes who will do
what](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375486).

One possibility is having ["breakout
sessions"](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375605)
where a smaller set of people go off to focus on some questions and
then bring the results back to the group. It's not clear how or if
this will fit in the schedule.

We then turned to the topic of the RLS. Initially, we were
contemplating starting out with some "review sessions", but we
ultimately decided to try and [produce that material before the all
hands](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376045). Ideally,
for all of our major meetings, we'd have some kind of review material
to get people in sync. [Offline material can be enjoyed by
others](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376208),
and it's [nice for people to be able to review it at their
liesure](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376209).

When it comes to the RLS, [we decided to take a "tech first"
approach](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376502)
-- basically focus on the technical design we want, and then talk
about the best way to get it (e.g., improve RLS in place, start over a
la rust-analyzer, etc). matklad, xanework, and nikomatsakis held a
separate discussion to settle on an initial agenda
([topic](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/ide.20design.20meeting)).

For the "second most important topic", [we settled on "organizational
questions"](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377313). The ["root goal" of any organizational alternatives would be](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377810):

- be intentional about what we are doing: make sure we are making progress on the problems we think are most important
- grow the team
- maintain/increase quality 

Some sample agenda items were [how to handle factoring of compiler
into libraries and how it relates to team
structure](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377556). There
was a consensus that having more focused subteams would reflect the
reality that [the compiler is too complex for one human to fully
understand](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377808)
(unless they are eddyb).

[Concluding comment](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156378043):

> I feel like we made some good progress on the concept of how to approach IDE discusson.:
>
> -  We will start by elaborating technical design and let that guide us the rest of the way.
> - We will have some review materials available before the all hands
> - We will have a short meeting (like, nowish) to try and create agenda
>
> it seems like we consider **organizational matters** the next most
> important thing to discuss as a group. I feel a bit less clear on
> what the "agenda" will be, but maybe we'll feel our way, or else
> maybe we should have some more pre-discussion about it. I would at
> least be up for trying to prepare a kind of straw-person proposal.
