# 2019.04.12

[Zulip topic.](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850)

## Announcements

- [nikomatsakis](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163192566)
  has opened a [PR with a draft
  RFC](https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/52) on the
  compiler-team repository. This RFC describes adding a new level
  ("compiler team contributors") to recognize people who have been
  contributing regularly. It also tries to document a few things about
  members etc. Please give it a read!
- [eddyb](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193094)
  is nearing completion on their work on the symbol naming revamp. It
  [might even offer some performance
  improvements](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193354).
- [nikomatsakis](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193402)
  mentioned that in the [wg-traits meeting on
  Monday](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NnViNzZxN252dGZ2ZHRvNTdnN2dpbGo2NjRfMjAxOTA0MTVUMTgwMDAwWiA2dTVycnRjZTZscnR2MDdwZmkzZGFtZ2p1c0Bn&tmsrc=6u5rrtce6lrtv07pfi3damgjus%40group.calendar.google.com&scp=ALL)
  we plan to discuss how the Chalk crates are setup and the work to
  refactor them to make them more friendly for the RLS etc.

## Main topic

Our [main
topic](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193454)
of the day was a **proposal to add a regular design meeting**:

> So this was our plan for the main topic today: 
> > - After that we'll talk about my [proposal for a regular design meeting](https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667) and perhaps also a bit about working groups and how we feel they are working, what's could be improved, etc.

The goal of the proposal was to have a central place where the team
can review designs and have design discussions. These discussions could
have a few forms:

- In some cases, people might bring a thorny problem, looking for help in
  finding a design. ([Example](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193679))
- In other cases, people might be bringing an existing idea for
  evaluation and broader discussion, looking to reach a
  conclusion. ([Example](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193734))

In each case, there will be a proposal describing the question at hand
and the goals of the meeting. [The expectations for this proposal
would vary depending on the kind of
discussion.](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194111)
For "early stage" discussions, the proposal might be fairly sparse.
([Perhaps like this
example](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194566).)
For meetings that aim to reach firm decisions, [the proposals would be
expected to contain more
details](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194229);
it would be useful to list [things the author expects are hard to
do](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194768)
and also points where there are [design decisions to be
made](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194846).

The expectation is that these meetings will help us propagate
knowledge of what is going on through the project; they will help
people get feedback on designs (right now, it can be hard to get
people to make time to really talk out a design).  Finally, [they can
help newcomers to get more familiar with
things](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194881),
since people can lurk in the meetings and soak up details ([not to
mention the paper
trail](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194320)).

While the basic idea of the proposal was popular, we wound up changing
some of the details for how it would run. We settled ultimately on
**reusing the slot for the existing steering meeting** (Friday
mornings, Boston time) but making it **weekly**. 

Every Nth meeting (likely 3 or 6) would be a designated **steering
meeting**. The role of these steering meetings it so select the next
N-1 topics that will be discussed (from a list of proposals). In
between meetings, people can add meeting proposals to the list for the
next round.

When we make these decisions, we would be trying to take a ["global
view"](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195057).
In particular, [we don't want to be doing designs unless there are
people who will put them into
practice](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163198133). This
probably means that we will prioritize design questions arising from
existing working groups, but we might also take up design questions
that might become the basis for a new working group, as long as there
are people who would want to take part.

We also spent some time discussing the idea of a [mentoring or
'internship'
program](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195743)
for helping "frequent contributors" make the jump to "compiler team
member". The designs that we discuss in this meeting would hopefully
wind up detailed enough that [frequent contributors can pick them up
and implement
them](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195172),
even if the people *making* the design are busy with other things.
Similarly, [design documents can become the basis for rustc-guide
chapters](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195352).

[We plan to flesh out some more details and put this idea into action
starting May 3rd (the next steering meeting).](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163198505)
