<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019.03.07 Meeting
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://catalinasy.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fworking-groups\2fpolonius\2fminutes\2f 2019.03.07-meeting\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019.03.07 Meeting</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=wg-polonius-meeting-minutes-2019-03-07>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/03/07</h1><hr><p>Relevant links:
- The meeting happened in this <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/186049-t-compiler.2Fwg-polonius/topic/meeting.202019.2E03.2E07>Zulip thread</a>
- A <a href=https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Polonius-Roadmap--AY6C806s~AZK~e7wagmys2_wAg-hk3a9ynduUN2gk1A0NNTF>Paper document</a> for the WIP roadmap</p><hr><p>The first meeting of the WG Polonius was dedicated to finding concrete next steps, both as part of working on the roadmap, and as onboarding <a href=https://github.com/albins>@albins</a> into the group. Since <a href=https://github.com/albins>Albin</a> will do a masters related to Polonius, we also worked out other areas they could tackle as time progressed.</p><p>Ultimately, a good starter issue was found in creating a new Polonius &ldquo;hybrid&rdquo; variant, bridging the location insensitive and complete analyses: a realistic way for rustc to use Polonius.</p><p>We then described a possible follow-up task, focusing on Polonius completeness: incorporating rustc&rsquo;s move/overwrite analysis, in a way similar to how it was done in <a href=https://github.com/lark-exploration/lark/blob/master/components/lark-type-check/src/full_inference/analysis/initialization.rs>Lark</a>.</p><p>We also spent time talking about next steps in documentation, whether in talks (<a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a>) or written docs (<a href=https://github.com/lqd>RÃ©my</a>).</p><p>Possible talks:
- a walkthrough of a more complex theoretical example.
- a more practical walkthrough with a focus on the concrete parts of the Polonius computation: interfacing with rustc and transferring data, computing the analysis&rsquo; datalog rules, how datafrog works, etc.</p><p>Following those, we also mentioned a longer term task: the more complicated analysis handling higher-ranked regions described in <a href=http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/01/21/hereditary-harrop-region-constraints/>this blog post</a>.</p><p>The final points were more about cross-cutting concerns applicable to all WGs: how would Github permissions work, and setting up the polonius and datafrog crates and repositories to follow the soon-to-be finalized &ldquo;crate conformance policy&rdquo;.</p><hr><p>The major next steps we decided on were:
- <a href=https://github.com/matthewjasper>Matthew</a> will write mentoring instructions for the <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/polonius/issues/100>hybrid algorithm task</a>.
- <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a> and <a href=https://github.com/albins>Albin</a> will prepare the follow-up walkthrough of Polonius (the specific time, and contents).
- <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a> will review the <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/polonius/pull/99>subset relation PR</a>.</p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#wg-polonius-meeting-minutes-2019-03-07>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/03/07</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>