<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019.04.12
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fminutes\2fsteering-meeting\2f 2019.04.12\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019.04.12</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2019-04-12>2019.04.12</h1><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850>Zulip topic.</a></p><h2 id=announcements>Announcements</h2><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163192566>nikomatsakis</a>
has opened a <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/52>PR with a draft
RFC</a> on the
compiler-team repository. This RFC describes adding a new level
(&ldquo;compiler team contributors&rdquo;) to recognize people who have been
contributing regularly. It also tries to document a few things about
members etc. Please give it a read!</li><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193094>eddyb</a>
is nearing completion on their work on the symbol naming revamp. It
<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193354>might even offer some performance
improvements</a>.</li><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193402>nikomatsakis</a>
mentioned that in the <a href="https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&amp;tmeid=NnViNzZxN252dGZ2ZHRvNTdnN2dpbGo2NjRfMjAxOTA0MTVUMTgwMDAwWiA2dTVycnRjZTZscnR2MDdwZmkzZGFtZ2p1c0Bn&amp;tmsrc=6u5rrtce6lrtv07pfi3damgjus%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;scp=ALL">wg-traits meeting on
Monday</a>
we plan to discuss how the Chalk crates are setup and the work to
refactor them to make them more friendly for the RLS etc.</li></ul><h2 id=main-topic>Main topic</h2><p>Our <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193454>main
topic</a>
of the day was a <strong>proposal to add a regular design meeting</strong>:</p><blockquote><p>So this was our plan for the main topic today:
&gt; - After that we&rsquo;ll talk about my <a href=https://gist.github.com/nikomatsakis/3afbec52758741727e4535d973bb0667>proposal for a regular design meeting</a> and perhaps also a bit about working groups and how we feel they are working, what&rsquo;s could be improved, etc.</p></blockquote><p>The goal of the proposal was to have a central place where the team
can review designs and have design discussions. These discussions could
have a few forms:</p><ul><li>In some cases, people might bring a thorny problem, looking for help in
finding a design. (<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193679>Example</a>)</li><li>In other cases, people might be bringing an existing idea for
evaluation and broader discussion, looking to reach a
conclusion. (<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163193734>Example</a>)</li></ul><p>In each case, there will be a proposal describing the question at hand
and the goals of the meeting. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194111>The expectations for this proposal
would vary depending on the kind of
discussion.</a>
For &ldquo;early stage&rdquo; discussions, the proposal might be fairly sparse.
(<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194566>Perhaps like this
example</a>.)
For meetings that aim to reach firm decisions, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194229>the proposals would be
expected to contain more
details</a>;
it would be useful to list <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194768>things the author expects are hard to
do</a>
and also points where there are <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194846>design decisions to be
made</a>.</p><p>The expectation is that these meetings will help us propagate
knowledge of what is going on through the project; they will help
people get feedback on designs (right now, it can be hard to get
people to make time to really talk out a design). Finally, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194881>they can
help newcomers to get more familiar with
things</a>,
since people can lurk in the meetings and soak up details (<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163194320>not to
mention the paper
trail</a>).</p><p>While the basic idea of the proposal was popular, we wound up changing
some of the details for how it would run. We settled ultimately on
<strong>reusing the slot for the existing steering meeting</strong> (Friday
mornings, Boston time) but making it <strong>weekly</strong>.</p><p>Every Nth meeting (likely 3 or 6) would be a designated <strong>steering
meeting</strong>. The role of these steering meetings it so select the next
N-1 topics that will be discussed (from a list of proposals). In
between meetings, people can add meeting proposals to the list for the
next round.</p><p>When we make these decisions, we would be trying to take a <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195057>&ldquo;global
view&rdquo;</a>.
In particular, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163198133>we don&rsquo;t want to be doing designs unless there are
people who will put them into
practice</a>. This
probably means that we will prioritize design questions arising from
existing working groups, but we might also take up design questions
that might become the basis for a new working group, as long as there
are people who would want to take part.</p><p>We also spent some time discussing the idea of a <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195743>mentoring or
&lsquo;internship&rsquo;
program</a>
for helping &ldquo;frequent contributors&rdquo; make the jump to &ldquo;compiler team
member&rdquo;. The designs that we discuss in this meeting would hopefully
wind up detailed enough that <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195172>frequent contributors can pick them up
and implement
them</a>,
even if the people <em>making</em> the design are busy with other things.
Similarly, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163195352>design documents can become the basis for rustc-guide
chapters</a>.</p><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019.2E04.2E12.20.2358850/near/163198505>We plan to flesh out some more details and put this idea into action
starting May 3rd (the next steering meeting).</a></p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#2019-04-12>2019.04.12</a><ul><li><a href=#announcements>Announcements</a></li><li><a href=#main-topic>Main topic</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>