---
title: 2019.09.30-planning
type: docs
---
# 2019.09.30 Planning Meeting

[Zulip topic.](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/187679-t-compiler.2Fwg-parallel-rustc/topic/planning.20meeting)

## Roadmap

* Sequential overhead
    * Rerun perf benchmark with `-j1` (but not limiting parallel codegen) and identify hotspots
        * Identify cases one by one and optimize
* Overly fine-grained locking risks subtle ordering or dead-lock bugs
    * Solution: audit
* Poor jobserver integration leading to overall poor scaling
* Little public testing of correctness and performance
    * Call for permance testing, asking for data with `-Ztimings`
        * requires us to have easy builds available, perhaps? At least useful for correctness
* Rayon fork
    * Do we feel the need to eliminate it?
    * Let's update it at least
    * Solution: Review the patches 
* Documentation of key components
    * What are the major sources of shared state and where is each documented?
    * How does jobserver integration work and can we improve on that?
    * Why do we have the Rayon fork?
    * How does thread-local state work -- how does it get communicated to the workers?
    * How to handle multiple threads competing for a single query
* Unify parallel type-check and parallel code-gen into one framework
    * Idea: alexcrichton can explain 

## Another view on the above, categorized by "next step"

* measure performance
    * initial focus: seq overhead
* produce binary builds
    * we as developers should be able to easily test out changes
    * document this for other developers too, not time to get everyone else involved!
* audit and document fine-grained locking
    * produce a list of things to be audited
    * schedule a weekly meeting, recorded Zoom calls
* meetings with the "explain, discuss, document" format
    * rayon fork features -- do we need them?
    * parallel code-gen: how does it work, can it be unified?
    * jobserver integration
    * major sources of shared state
    * [pre-existing questions doc](https://hackmd.io/XDC24IlWT4OIxYdmIxH4Xg)
* user involvement: start getting people using it
    * create instructions on how to use alt builds for correctness checking
        * or to roll your own build for perf testing
    * how to gather data, where to submit

## Scenarios to profile and measure

* Whole crate graph builds with full parallelism. Should see significant wins in build time as well as CPU usage.
    * Cargo
    * Rustc
    * sccache
    * `script` from Servo
    * ... this is also what the post on internals would ask for
* Run the `perf` suite with full parallelism enabled. Gets an idea for single-crate what is the benefit, when we have full parallelism, across a suite of scenarios (incremental, warm cache, cold cache, etc)
* What is the impact of "`-j1`" w.r.t. non-codegen threads
    * Run perf suite and look at `*-check` benchmarks
