<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fworking-groups\2ftemplate\2fNOTES\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>Notes - Templates</strong></header><article class=markdown><h4 id=p-aligncenterthis-page-is-an-example-template-and-not-the-actual-nll-working-groupp><em>This page is an example template and not the actual NLL working group.</em></h4><h4 id=p-aligncenterfeel-free-to-break-this-out-into-a-directoryp><em>Feel free to break this out into a directory.</em></h4><h1 id=non-lexical-lifetimes-nll-meeting-notes>Non-Lexical Lifetimes (NLL) Meeting Notes</h1><p>This document contains meeting notes from the NLL working group.</p><h2 id=2019-02-22-triage-meetingtriage20190222>2019-02-22: <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler.2Fwg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019.2E02.2E20/near/158880485>Triage Meeting</a></h2><p><strong>Written by:</strong> <a href=https://github.com/davidtwco>@davidtwco</a></p><p><strong>Purpose of meeting</strong>: Given slow winding down of the NLL working group, discussed the ongoing
purpose of the meeting. <a href=spastorino>@spastorino</a> suggested using the time as an space for open
discussion and office hours (as previously suggested by <a href=https://github.com/pnkfelix>@pnkfelix</a>).
<a href=pnkfelix>@pnkfelix</a> would continue to perform weekly triage before the meeting and will leave the
triaged issues unassigned so that interested parties can assign themselves.</p><p><strong>Place 2.0</strong>: Discussion turned to the ongoing Place 2.0 work being undertaken by
<a href=https://github.com/spastorino>@spastorino</a>. Clarifications and discussion of the feasibility of current
implementation plan took place. Work will continue as planned.</p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><ul><li></li></ul></li></ul><ul><li><a href=#2019-02-22-triage-meetingtriage20190222>2019-02-22: <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122657-t-compiler.2Fwg-nll/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019.2E02.2E20/near/158880485>Triage Meeting</a></a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>