<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2f design-meeting\2f 2020-02-28-focused-and-efficient-triage\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>2020-02-28 focused and efficient triage</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=focused-and-efficient-triage>Focused and Efficient Triage</h1><ul><li><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/247>Meeting proposal</a></li><li><a href=https://hackmd.io/5theN85oRS6QvyYPZt-vew>Pre-meeting notes</a></li><li><a href=https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/131828tcompiler/36846designmeeting20200228.html>Zulip meeting thread</a></li></ul><p>The goal of the meeting was to discuss the idea of creating a
<strong>pre-triage working group</strong>, the tasks we need to do and who should be
doing them. The motivation is that (a) a lot of work for our current
triage process is falling on @pnkfelix and (b) there is a kind of lack
of clarity around our goals, how we use our labels, etc.</p><h2 id=things-we-need-to-do>Things we need to do</h2><ul><li>Monitor and identify &ldquo;critical bugs&rdquo; that are not making progress</li><li>For critical bugs not making progress, find someone to fix</li><li>Making general quality improvements and enhancements (i.e., &ldquo;fixing non-critical bugs&rdquo;)</li><li>Ensuring deferred things are picked up again (e.g., future compatibility warnings)</li><li>Processing new issues, ensuring labels are up to date, identifying bugs that are out of date or have been fixed</li></ul><h2 id=typical-flow-for-an-issue>Typical flow for an issue</h2><ul><li>Issue gets filed</li><li>Release team applies labels<ul><li>area labels, team labels</li></ul></li><li>If bisection, mcve needed:<ul><li>tag with needs-bisection, needs-mcve</li><li>cc &ldquo;Cleanup crew&rdquo;</li></ul></li><li>In some cases:<ul><li>directly prioritize or send to the right place if it seems clear</li><li>otherwise, nominate for compiler team meeting</li></ul></li><li>Release team nominates for compiler team to further process<ul><li>also cc folks to bisect</li><li>(usually ICE), usually includes needs-bisection and needs-mcve</li></ul></li><li>Compiler team triage group analyzes and figures out which things apply<ul><li>Critical bugs:<ul><li>Tag with P-critical</li></ul></li><li>Needs team discussion:</li><li>Delegation:<ul><li>Should we cc</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=proposal>Proposal</h2><ul><li>We should have two distinct triage groups compiler and release<ul><li>T-release/triage does try to &ldquo;classify&rdquo; bugs before it goes to t-compiler</li><li>T-compiler/triage wg should be deciding if bugs are critical (potential release blocker) or not</li></ul></li><li>We would need to tag critical bugs P-critical<ul><li>That&rsquo;s a key area of focus</li><li>Those are potential release blockers</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=t-compilertriage-wg-scope>T-compiler/triage WG scope</h2><ul><li>Process I-nominated issues and process those into categories, critical, needs team discussion, delegate)<ul><li>The main focus should be to identify new P-critical bugs.</li></ul></li><li>Revisit the set of all P-critical bugs to double check that they have logged progress.</li><li>Prepare key highlights to guide the main weekly meeting</li></ul><h2 id=charter-for-t-compilertriage-wg>Charter for T-compiler/triage WG</h2><ul><li>Processing &rsquo;nominations&rsquo; and routing bugs to folks who can fix them</li><li>Identifying <em>critical</em> bugs and monitoring them to ensure they are making progress</li><li>Identifying the agenda for compiler team triage meetings<ul><li>Critical issues that are not making progress</li><li>Issues where bugs are nominated for needing wider discussion<ul><li>Ideally, crystallize</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Tracking deferred things and ensuring they are picked up again<ul><li>Future compatibility warnings</li></ul></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#things-we-need-to-do>Things we need to do</a></li><li><a href=#typical-flow-for-an-issue>Typical flow for an issue</a></li><li><a href=#proposal>Proposal</a></li><li><a href=#t-compilertriage-wg-scope>T-compiler/triage WG scope</a></li><li><a href=#charter-for-t-compilertriage-wg>Charter for T-compiler/triage WG</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>