<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2f design-meeting\2f 2020-09-18-mcp-retrospective\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>2020-09-18 Major Change Proposal Retrospective</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=links>Links</h1><ul><li><a href=https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/238009tcompilermeetings/01013designmeeting20200918MCPRetrospective.html>Zulip topic</a></li><li>Meeting proposal: <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/314>rust-lang/compiler-team#314</a></li></ul><h1 id=key-notes-and-points-from-the-meeting-itself>Key notes and points from the meeting itself</h1><ul><li><p>Feedback on MCPs after being seconded can be difficult to deal with. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210523197>(link)</a></p><ul><li>Some feelings of &ldquo;where were you a week ago&rdquo; as aluded to above</li><li>We do want to encourage feedback even if it&rsquo;s late but we should weigh some kinds of feedback more heavily than others &ldquo;late&rdquo; in the process.</li></ul></li><li><p>Most common feedback was: <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210523836>(link)</a></p><ul><li>the problem of &ldquo;MCP limbo&rdquo;, where there are MCPs that are not accepted but not clearly rejected</li><li>the problem of how we know if a concern is present and when it&rsquo;s &ldquo;resolved&rdquo; (who decides?)</li><li>the question of what to do about feedback after an MCP is accepted, and in particular MCPs for sweeping changes</li></ul></li><li><p>We should probably be closing un-seconded MCPs after some amount of time <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210524064>(link)</a></p><ul><li>There should probably be a way for a contributor to keep an un-seconded MCP &ldquo;alive&rdquo;. Possibly by leaving a comment to that effect.</li><li>That would extend the time before the MCP is closed but not indefinetly. Contributors would have to keep leaving comments if they want the MCP left open (this &ldquo;friction&rdquo; is probably a good thing).</li><li>@<strong>pnkfelix</strong> points out there isn&rsquo;t a good way to track these ideas after an MCP is closed.</li><li>Meeting participants generally seem ok with that.</li><li>There is <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210525878>&ldquo;fragile consensus&rdquo;</a> for auto-closing after a set amount of time has passed.</li></ul></li><li><p>Discussion about &ldquo;it&rsquo;s hard to track concerns&rdquo; <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210526028>(link)</a></p><ul><li>&ldquo;Obvious&rdquo; fix is to use rfcbot concerns</li><li>rfcbot concerns may not scale to such a large group as compiler-team + contributors <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210526615>(link)</a></li><li>A possible solution would be a small group of people whose responsibility would be to determine if concerns have been resolved sufficiently for the MCP to proceed. This likely overlaps a lot with the Technical Steering Committee idea which has been talked about before. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210526748>(link)</a></li><li>Discussion of specific rustbot commands <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210529314>(link)</a><ul><li>rustbot second &ndash; marks this for approval after time elapses</li><li>rustbot close &ndash; marks this for close after time elapses, unless a contributor leaves a comment</li><li>rustbot keepalive &ndash; cancels a close</li><li>rustbot concern foo &ndash; raises a concern, any team member/contributor can do it? (or anyone?)</li><li>rustbot resolve foo &ndash; resolves a concern, any team member/contributor can do it</li><li>if an issue goes N weeks without activity (on the github thread), there is an automatic rustbot close</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p>Discussion about MCPs that perhaps don&rsquo;t get enough attention <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210530507>(link)</a></p><ul><li>The biggest example of this is probably the recent MCPs that changed the <code>rust-lang/rust</code> repo directory structure and the <code>x.py</code> defaults. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210530930>(link)</a></li><li>Some people didn&rsquo;t find out until after the fact and were unhappy with the approved changes.</li><li>For &ldquo;large&rdquo; or &ldquo;controversial&rdquo; MCPs, we may want to require a full FCP instead of simply a second. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210531323>(link)</a><ul><li>@<strong>simulacrum</strong> notes if there are conflicting veto/second comments, perhaps this should trigger a full FCP either immediately or within a certain amount of time if those concerns are not resolved. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210531397>(link)</a> <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210532435>(link)</a></li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p>@<strong>nikomatsakis</strong> noted that the feedback from the survey showed nearly everyone agrees the MCP process is good for the team. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/238009-t-compiler.2Fmeetings/topic/.5Bdesign.20meeting.5D.202020-09-18.20--.20MCP.20Retrospective/near/210532311>(link)</a></p></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents></nav></aside></main></body></html>