<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2018.10.26
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fminutes\2fsteering-meeting\2f 2018.10.26\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2018.10.26</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2018-10-26>2018-10-26</h1><p>We had our first T-compiler steering meeting today! What follows is a summary of the major points raised during the discussion.
If you&rsquo;d like to read the detailed minutes, please see the <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26>Zulip chat log</a>. I&rsquo;ll insert links here and there into that log where appropriate, if you want to see the original comment.</p><p>To start, before the meeting we did a <a href=https://goo.gl/forms/m7QBFDpdvf7wik7k2>survey</a> asking folks what they thought worked well and what needed improvement in and around with the compiler team. I summarized those results in a <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HAq1D7OC616Nd_34olPalQi-EL4RDbBrsSO9ZZ6SJJc/edit?usp=sharing">Google doc</a>, which shows the things people wrote and how often (in the case of duplicates). We then voted on what to talk about (that&rsquo;s what the columns with the <code>x</code> are).</p><p>In the end, we <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550292>opted to discuss</a> the most popular topic, which sort of subsumed a number of entries:</p><ul><li>&ldquo;how to plan what to do and expose our plans&rdquo;<ul><li>hard to answer &ldquo;what to do next&rdquo; or &ldquo;how can I help&rdquo; (8)</li><li>public roadmap (4)</li><li>hard to do high-level design + planning and not just triage (3)</li><li>no central place to get &ldquo;big picture&rdquo; of what&rsquo;s going on (3)<br></li></ul></li></ul><p>(Originally, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550335>we thought we&rsquo;d cover many more things</a>, but that did not turn out to be true. =)</p><p>To start, there were a number of comments on the survey (and in the meeting) to support the idea that <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550475>Working Groups are an effective way to organize</a>, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136551682>particularly for newcomers</a>, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550701>but it works best if we focus the WG on a concrete topic (e.g., NLL)</a>. WG leaders ought to be actively triaging and looking for places to help people get involved, and so they can be good ones to answer the question of &ldquo;what to do next&rdquo;.</p><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550600>We can also use WG as an organizational tool to expose the &ldquo;big picture&rdquo; of what&rsquo;s going on.</a> In addition to WGs, though, it <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550683>would be good to just list out the specialities of compiler team contributors, as well</a>. WGs can also be an <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136551729>organizational axis</a> for labels with the <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136551791>WG focusing creating a steady supply of E-mentor issues</a>.</p><p>However, this places a big burden on WG leaders. One thing we noted is that <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550547>having more than one leader is good</a> and that <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550696>this itself can be a mentoring opportunity</a>.</p><p>In terms of getting people involved, the <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550848>findwork site was raised</a>, as well as the difficulty of keeping it up to date (<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136550929>perhaps WGs can help?</a>).</p><p>We pointed out that when we do our planning at <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136551616>the next Rust All Hands</a>, we can try to figure out WGs then.</p><p>We discussed some how the <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136551512>diagnostics efforts could be increased</a>.</p><p>We discussed <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136552030>the rustc-guide</a> as well as the <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCQVvhKUrTN9VfaQx2AyOSAstwENaGkYA">NLL contributor YouTube videos</a> and ways to improve them. One solid thought was that we might want to create a rustc-guide WG (<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/rustc-guide-wg>which has its own zulip topic here</a>). We talked in particular about how both <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/subject/steering.20meeting.202018-10-26/near/136552969>experienced folks and newcomers can contribute there</a>.</p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#2018-10-26>2018-10-26</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>