<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019.01.04
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fminutes\2fsteering-meeting\2f 2019.01.04\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019.01.04</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2019-01-04>2019.01.04</h1><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04>Zulip topic</a></p><p>We discussed the upcoming Rust All Hands. We have a <a href=https://hackmd.io/Wbnday_dQxSy-iPWLm33Rg>HackMd
document</a> that lists a bunch of ideas for what to talk about,
but mostly we talked about how to structure the meeting itself.</p><p>We summarized <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154414708>how the All Hands was structured last
year</a>:
basically meetings focused around particular topics, with the team
(and others) mostly in a kind of semi-circle or around a whiteboard.</p><p>One of the ideas we had for this year is that we could have some
sessions that are just focused on <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154414981>explaining how a particular area of
the code
works</a>,
which could <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415043>help people unfamiliar with an area get up to
speed</a>.</p><p>In general, we decided that each of our slots should begin with <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415298>some
exposition of &ldquo;how things work
now&rdquo;</a>,
and then segway into &ldquo;here are problems to resolve&rdquo;. We will try to
take good notes on these expositions as well.</p><p>We discussed how it might also be useful to <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415252>talk about some of the tools
that are &ldquo;adjacent&rdquo; to the
compiler</a>,
e.g., rustdoc or RLS.</p><p>We discussed some possibler areas for discussion:</p><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415509>the rustc-guide</a></li><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415505>related work, like RLS, rustdoc,</a>
or <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415743>cranelift</a></li><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415632>mentoring?</a><ul><li>maybe, but we have to figure out specifically what</li></ul></li><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415977>salsa, polonius, chalk, etc</a></li><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154416365>diagnostics</a></li></ul><p>On the topic of IDEs, it would be useful to <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154415886>hear from Matklad about
rust-analyzer</a>.</p><p>We also thought a bit about some more &ldquo;radical&rdquo; ideas that might be worth
making a bit more concrete:</p><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154416722>downloading pre-compiled artifacts</a></li><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-04/near/154416819>compiling all configurations at once for docs, IDE</a></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#2019-01-04>2019.01.04</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>