<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019.04.30 Meeting
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fworking-groups\2fpolonius\2fminutes\2f 2019.04.30-meeting\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019.04.30 Meeting</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=wg-polonius-meeting-minutes-2019-04-30>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/04/30</h1><hr><p>Relevant links:
- The meeting happened in this <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/186049-t-compiler.2Fwg-polonius/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E30>Zulip thread</a>.
- The <a href=https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Polonius-Roadmap--AY6C806s~AZK~e7wagmys2_wAg-hk3a9ynduUN2gk1A0NNTF>WIP Roadmap</a> Paper.</p><hr><p>In this meeting, we started with a short review of the previous week&rsquo;s work:
- <a href=https://github.com/albins>Albin</a> continued work on implementing liveness in <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/polonius/pull/105>Polonius</a>, and opened the <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/60266>rustc</a> part of this work: generating the facts needed by the Polonius computation.
- <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a> wrote up some more <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/polonius/issues/104#issuecomment-488076424>notes</a> on continuing the liveness work: the next major part being computing the <code>region_live_at</code> facts in Polonius analyses instead of rustc.
- <a href=https://github.com/lqd>Rémy</a> continued the previous week&rsquo;s work of using the results of <code>LocInsensitive</code> in <code>DatafrogOpt</code> via the <code>Hybrid</code> analysis, especially looking for changes in behaviour using polonius and rustc&rsquo;s tests, and ran into the task mentioned the week before: the rustc ui test suite under polonius has more failures than expected.
- <a href=https://github.com/lokalmatador>@lokalmatador</a> looked into building rustc and the various bits they would need for profiling.</p><p>Since the liveness work is a bit complex, has many moving parts, and is generally hard to test, we <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/186049-t-compiler.2Fwg-polonius/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E30/near/164566587>talked</a> about correctness, testing, rustc&rsquo;s test suite and the need to have a reasonable test suite in general. A first step will be to look into rustc&rsquo;s test suite failures, <code>ignore</code>ing irrelevant tests or add <code>bless</code>ed output, at the very least to track changes and regressions more easily.</p><p>The WIP plan about polonius features and rustc integration/subsumption looks clear:
- liveness, which we are actively working on now.
- moves, which should hopefully be smaller, has precedent in the work on Lark, and could be partially/possibly applicable to rustc.
- regions and region logic, for which we have started working on the easier parts, but also crosses paths with the <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/144729-wg-traits/topic/meeting.202019.2E04.2E29/near/164478317>traits WG and chalk effort</a> for the more complex ones.</p><p>Useful future tasks we mentioned:
- after the inaugural talk, it&rsquo;d be useful to continue the &ldquo;explaining Polonius&rdquo; series of videos/talks, focusing on the analysis rules and examples to learn, or remember, why they are the way they are.</p><hr><p>For the following week:
- <a href=https://github.com/albins>Albin</a> will continue on liveness.
- <a href=https://github.com/lqd>Rémy</a> will look at the rustc tests in more detail.
- <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a> will prepare the next steps in the liveness, to stay ahead of <a href=https://github.com/albins>Albin</a>&rsquo;s progress.
- <a href=https://github.com/lokalmatador>@lokalmatador</a> will familiarize with the steps <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a> wrote, with available help from the rest of the WG.</p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#wg-polonius-meeting-minutes-2019-04-30>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/04/30</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>