<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes"?><rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"><channel><title>Diagnostics Working Group on Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link>https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/</link><description>Recent content in Diagnostics Working Group on Rust Lang - Compiler Team</description><generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator><language>en-us</language><atom:link href="https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/><item><title>FAQs</title><link>https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/FAQ/</link><pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/FAQ/</guid><description>Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) If you have a question, feel free to file an issue or ask in the working group&amp;rsquo;s Zulip stream.
There are no FAQs so far. Please ask us more questions.</description></item><item><title>Notes</title><link>https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/NOTES/</link><pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/NOTES/</guid><description>Diagnostics Meeting Notes 2019-05-24 zulip link We triaged all P-medium A-diagnostics issues We figured out a first action for getting annotate-snippets into rustc: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59346 We have a plan to reduce the boilerplate needed at the diagnostic emitter site: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/61132</description></item><item><title>Rustc Dev Guide WG 2019-07-09 sync meeting</title><link>https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/minutes/2019.07.09-meeting/</link><pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/minutes/2019.07.09-meeting/</guid><description>Rustc Dev Guide WG 2019-07-09 sync meeting some discussion about organizing lectures on missing topics
it&amp;rsquo;s hard because the preparation may put off potential lecturers maybe instead go for more informal zulip-based &amp;ldquo;explain everything you know about X&amp;rdquo; can then summarize zulip log agreed to change terminology from &amp;ldquo;transcribe&amp;rdquo; -&amp;gt; &amp;ldquo;summarize&amp;rdquo;
mark-i-m volunteers to try to organize meeting with petrochenkov about macros
amanjeev volunteers to try to organize meeting with nagisa or alexchricton about codegen</description></item></channel></rss>