<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2f design-meeting\2f 2019-07-08-triage-wg\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>Triage Working Group Discussion</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=triage-working-group-discussion>Triage Working Group Discussion</h1><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-07-05>Zulip thread</a></li></ul><h1 id=summary>Summary</h1><ul><li>Discussed ideas of a triage working group and how that might interact</li><li>Discussed pnkfelix/nikomatsakis taking leave over next few weeks and what to do in the meantime</li><li>Discussed the problems around review queues</li></ul><h1 id=pnkfelixnikomatsakis-absence>pnkfelix/nikomatsakis absence</h1><p>pnkfelix will be going on parental leave for 2 months starting
July 15. nikomatsakis will be on PTO for a month or so, with limited
availability. In the interim, nagisa has volunteered to run meetings.</p><p>Another concern was the general review backlog. pnkfelix/nikomatsakis
discussed spending a bit of time triaging things that need review and
trying to develop a plan.</p><p>In general, we noted that it would be useful to keep a calendar
on <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team>the compiler-team repository</a> to help track this sort of thing.</p><h1 id=triage-plan>Triage plan</h1><p>In general, the compiler triage effort is feeling pretty stretched.
It also falls largely on a few people at this point in time. We
discussed how we might broaden the effort.</p><h2 id=the-work-of-solving-a-regression>The work of solving a regression</h2><p>Most errors come in the form of regressions: something that used to
compile or run, but no longer does. One observation is that the work
of handling a regression is actually something you can break down into
many steps:</p><ul><li>Figuring out the impact of the bug and assigns priority</li><li>Coallescing duplicates</li><li>Determining the cause of the regression: we have a tool that bisects to a nightly
or even a specific PR, but somebody has to run it</li><li>Minimizing the error case into a standalone example that can be debugged</li><li>Identifying the <em>expected behavior</em> of the test case &ndash; sometimes
the regression comes from a bug <strong>fix</strong>!</li><li>Actually fixing the bug</li></ul><p>The final two require some amount of expertise &ndash; though the precise
amount varies. Today, there are a lot of people who help and do the
minimization and bisection work, but it would be great if we could
help organize those efforts more.</p><h2 id=the-ice-breakers>The ICE-breakers</h2><p>The next thing is one we&rsquo;ve kicked around for a while &ndash; can we create
some kind of &ldquo;ICE-breaker&rdquo; group that is dedicated to fixing
regressions, ICEs, and other &ldquo;small&rdquo; bugs in the compiler? What
overlap does that group have with the triaging efforts described
above?</p><p>We discussed this for some time and seemed to come roughly to the
following conclusions:</p><ul><li>The <a href=https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/operations>#wg-triage effort in the release team</a> obviously overlaps a lot
with these efforts.</li><li>Perhaps we should divide responsibility as follows:<ul><li>wg-triage:<ul><li>decides what is important to fix or address based on the impact</li><li>helps to bisect, minimize, and identify the source of problems</li><li>brings it to compiler team attention and checks on progress regularly</li><li>tries to find assignees &ndash; this will require compiler team participation!</li></ul></li><li>compiler-team:<ul><li>does the actual fixing</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Note that if wg-triage is going to find out who to assign to a bug,
that is going to require compiler team participation. We could in
tricky cases have a &ldquo;liason&rdquo; who can be assigned that has the job of
just reassigning to someone more appropriate.</li><li>On compiler side, the ICE-breakers group might still exist as well,
and many of its members would likely participate in the wg-triage
effort, but the focus of ICE-breakers would be mostly on the actual
fixing of the bug, and less on the bisection and so forth.</li></ul><p>We concluded ultimately that we should try to touch base with the
wg-triage effort and discuss.</p><h2 id=expert-map-reviewing-load>Expert map, reviewing load</h2><p>We have an <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/experts/MAP.md>expert map</a> on the compiler-team repository, but it is
sparsely populated and doesn&rsquo;t include the new compiler team
contributors. That would be in principle be helpful in finding people
to assign to fix regressions or to review PRs. We also discused how
contributors, even if they don&rsquo;t know an area well, can still be
assigned to do a preliminary review or fix. We need to improve the
&ldquo;expert map&rdquo; to be more complex and also to include &ldquo;levels of
knowledge&rdquo;. Perhaps rename it to &ldquo;knowledge map&rdquo; or something like
that. Also, this can be a great way to figure out things that need to
be added to the rustc-dev-guide.</p><h2 id=nomination-labels>Nomination labels</h2><p>We spent a bit of time discussing how the <code>I-nominated</code> tags are not
sufficiently precise &ndash; at minimum, they should identify the team, but
perhaps also have more information.</p><h2 id=action-items>Action items</h2><p>Emerging from this meeting:</p><ul><li>Extend expert map with member/contributor levels</li><li>Create a compiler-team PTO calendar where people can note their upcoming absences</li><li>Join discussion with #wg-triage</li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#the-work-of-solving-a-regression>The work of solving a regression</a></li><li><a href=#the-ice-breakers>The ICE-breakers</a></li><li><a href=#expert-map-reviewing-load>Expert map, reviewing load</a></li><li><a href=#nomination-labels>Nomination labels</a></li><li><a href=#action-items>Action items</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>