<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2ftriage-meeting\2f 2019-04-11\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>2019.04.11</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2019-04-11>2019-04-11</h1><h1 id=volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</h1><ul><li><p>seeking help on resolving <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59652>"[firefox] error: relocation refers to local symbol "" [12], which is defined in a discarded section"</a></p></li><li><p>seeking help on resolving <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59494>&ldquo;Compiler panic with generic-typed nested closures&rdquo;</a></p></li></ul><h1 id=backport-decisions>Backport decisions</h1><ul><li>No backport decisions were made at this meeting because there were no PRs nominated for backport.</li></ul><h1 id=working-group-sync>Working group sync</h1><h2 id=wg-mir-optworking-groupsmir-opt><a href=../../../working-groups/mir-opt/>wg-mir-opt</a></h2><ul><li><p>The current goal is to make the MIR <code>Place</code> data structure non-recursive (<a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/52708>Issue #52708</a>).
This should use less memory, be easier to work with, and probably faster as well.</p></li><li><p>After that is completed, there are a number of other <code>Place</code> related refactorings and other ideas from the All-Hands meeting that can be worked on.</p></li><li><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-11.20.2354818/near/163105192>Link to full discussion</a></p></li></ul><h2 id=wg-pipeliningworking-groupspipelining><a href=../../../working-groups/pipelining/>wg-pipelining</a></h2><ul><li><p>The goal is to allow Cargo to invoke rustc sooner letting downstream crates start compiling while upstream crates do LLVM work (<a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58465>Issue #58465</a>)</p></li><li><p>This working group is just getting started and had its initial meeting on 4/5.</p></li><li><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-11.20.2354818/near/163106257>Link to full discussion</a></p></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#wg-mir-optworking-groupsmir-opt><a href=../../../working-groups/mir-opt/>wg-mir-opt</a></a></li><li><a href=#wg-pipeliningworking-groupspipelining><a href=../../../working-groups/pipelining/>wg-pipelining</a></a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>