<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019.05.07 Meeting
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://catalinasy.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fworking-groups\2fpolonius\2fminutes\2f 2019.05.07-meeting\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019.05.07 Meeting</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=wg-polonius-meeting-minutes-2019-05-07>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/05/07</h1><hr><p>Relevant links:
- The meeting happened in this <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/186049-t-compiler.2Fwg-polonius/topic/meeting.202019.2E05.2E07>Zulip thread</a>.
- The <a href=https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Polonius-Roadmap--AY6C806s~AZK~e7wagmys2_wAg-hk3a9ynduUN2gk1A0NNTF>WIP Roadmap</a> Paper.</p><hr><p>In this shorter meeting, we spent most of the time on the previous week&rsquo;s work:
- <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a> has written more <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/polonius/issues/104#issuecomment-489681898>notes</a> and <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/polonius/issues/104#issuecomment-489691804>steps</a> for implementing liveness. With these, most of liveness is described (modulo the specifics of <code>drop</code>) :tada:.
- <a href=https://github.com/albins>Albin</a> smoothly continued work on computing liveness in Polonius in <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/polonius/pull/105>#105</a>, and rustc&rsquo;s <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/60266>#60266</a>: finishing up last week&rsquo;s steps about the beginning of fact generation, and preparing to emit the ones needed to compute the <code>region_live_at</code> relation.
- <a href=https://github.com/lqd>Rémy</a> started looking at rustc&rsquo;s test suite behaviour under <code>--compare-mode polonius</code> in more detail. While initially the number of failures looked <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/compare/master...lqd:polonius_tests>big</a>, <a href=https://github.com/matthewjasper>Matthew</a> mentioned their in-review PR <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/60171>#60171</a>, which would contain most of the differences seen in these initial runs, as it unifies the NLL mode under which both of these test modes are ran.
- <a href=https://github.com/lokalmatador>@lokalmatador</a> successfully got rustc building and prepared for profiling.</p><p>Useful future tasks we mentioned:
- even though we always think about the topic, we noticed analyzing the test suite, tests and correctness, are tasks which should actually be mentioned in the Roadmap.
- the polonius compare-mode likely has little or no documentation, fixing that would be important as part of the general documentation effort needed by the project.</p><hr><p>For the following week:
- <a href=https://github.com/albins>Albin</a> will continue on liveness.
- To get ahead of the liveness game, <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>Niko</a> will look at and describe more of the <code>drop</code> specifics.
- <a href=https://github.com/lqd>Rémy</a> will continue on the rustc test suite results, especially on top of <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/60171>#60171</a>. But also write the previous meetings&rsquo; notes they forgot to do (but as you can attest, dear reader/reviewer, got done eventually).
- <a href=https://github.com/lokalmatador>@lokalmatador</a> will have a bit less time in the immediate future but will afterwards be able to start profiling and looking at the <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Polonius-Roadmap--AdGLuHfuHXoGGL0vCLwXgtysAg-hk3a9ynduUN2gk1A0NNTF#:uid=627651028890979090145392&amp;h2=Benchmarking-suite">benchmarking tasks from the Roadmap</a>.</p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#wg-polonius-meeting-minutes-2019-05-07>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/05/07</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>