<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title>
    <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/</link>
    <description>Recent content on Rust Lang - Compiler Team</description>
    <generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator>
    <language>en-us</language>
    
	<atom:link href="//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    
    
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.03.07-meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.03.07-meeting/</guid>
      <description>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/03/07 Relevant links: - The meeting happened in this Zulip thread - A Paper document for the WIP roadmap
The first meeting of the WG Polonius was dedicated to finding concrete next steps, both as part of working on the roadmap, and as onboarding @albins into the group. Since Albin will do a masters related to Polonius, we also worked out other areas they could tackle as time progressed.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.04.23-meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.04.23-meeting/</guid>
      <description>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/04/23 Relevant links: - The meeting happened in this Zulip thread - A Paper document for the WIP roadmap
In this meeting, we started with a short review of the previous week&amp;rsquo;s work: - Albin continued work on implementing liveness in Polonius, and finalized #105, which is now ready to be merged into a new polonius-engine release. - Niko wrote up notes describing the second part of the liveness effort: modifying rustc to emit var_used and var_defined facts for the previous PR.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.04.30-meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.04.30-meeting/</guid>
      <description>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/04/30 Relevant links: - The meeting happened in this Zulip thread. - The WIP Roadmap Paper.
In this meeting, we started with a short review of the previous week&amp;rsquo;s work: - Albin continued work on implementing liveness in Polonius, and opened the rustc part of this work: generating the facts needed by the Polonius computation. - Niko wrote up some more notes on continuing the liveness work: the next major part being computing the region_live_at facts in Polonius analyses instead of rustc.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.05.07-meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.05.07-meeting/</guid>
      <description>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/05/07 Relevant links: - The meeting happened in this Zulip thread. - The WIP Roadmap Paper.
In this shorter meeting, we spent most of the time on the previous week&amp;rsquo;s work: - Niko has written more notes and steps for implementing liveness. With these, most of liveness is described (modulo the specifics of drop) :tada:. - Albin smoothly continued work on computing liveness in Polonius in #105, and rustc&amp;rsquo;s #60266: finishing up last week&amp;rsquo;s steps about the beginning of fact generation, and preparing to emit the ones needed to compute the region_live_at relation.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.05.14-meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.05.14-meeting/</guid>
      <description>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/05/14 Relevant links: - The meeting happened in this Zulip thread. - The WIP Roadmap Paper.
A recap of last week&amp;rsquo;s work: - Niko and Albin went through a lot of details of liveness, in the dedicated Zulip thread (around this point). - With the previous week&amp;rsquo;s steps, and these conversations, Albin has continued the work on liveness, and is now basically done :tada:. With the 2 PRs, Polonius is able to compute the same region_live_at facts as rustc.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.05.28-meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.05.28-meeting/</guid>
      <description>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/05/28 Relevant links: - The meeting happened in this Zulip thread. - The WIP Roadmap Paper.
This week, we discussed the following topics:
1. Profiling and fact generation @lokalmatador has made some progress on the profiling tasks: WIP branch is here gathering timing data for parts of NLLs and Polonius using rustc&amp;rsquo;s -Z self-profile API.
The granularity of profiling was discussed, especially regarding fact generation and the separation between NLLs and Polonius.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.06.04-meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//localhost:1313/docs/working-groups/polonius/minutes/2019.06.04-meeting/</guid>
      <description>WG-Polonius meeting minutes: 2019/06/04 Relevant links: - The meeting happened in this Zulip thread. - The WIP Roadmap Paper.
This week, we discussed the following topics:
1. Liveness To help with reviewing polonius#105, some last minutes changes were discussed: - the older facts recorded in the Polonius dataset (the inputs directory) needed regenerating. This creates a huge diff for review, so separating those out to be &amp;ldquo;rubberstamped&amp;rdquo; would be interesting.</description>
    </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>