<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2f design-meeting\2f 2019-10-18-debuginfo-meeting\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>Debugging Support</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=debugging-support-in-the-compiler>Debugging Support in the Compiler</h1><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-10-18/near/178475282>Zulip stream</a> or read on the <a href=https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/131828tcompiler/13652designmeeting20191018.html>Zulip archive</a></li></ul><h2 id=the-problems>The problems</h2><p><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/64343>https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/64343</a></p><p>We have bugs with debuginfo that are causing broad pain for people who use x.py test, but we do not have dedicated developers who own maintenance of debugger support.</p><p><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/60826>https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/60826</a></p><p>We have Pull Requests to improve our debuginfo support, but we do not have dedicated developers who own maintenance of debugger support.</p><p>Q: Are we willing/able to maintain debuginfo stuff Q: if we don&rsquo;t, then can we afford to keep these tests?</p><p>In short, as Niko said: &ldquo;we need help to maintain this or we may have to remove it&rdquo;</p><hr><p>The overarching goal was to discuss how we can get a sustainable story than the particular issues themselves, though that may also be a topic of discussion.</p><ul><li>what steps can we do to recruit folks</li><li>what are some thresholds and timelines where upon we consider more drastic action</li><li>what might that drastic action be :)</li></ul><h2 id=the-meeting>The meeting</h2><p>some of the main points from the discussion:</p><ul><li>a common refrain: most of the compiler developers know next to nothing about how the debugger support scripts are implemented. So we are not in a good position to maintain the debugger support scripts.</li><li>@eddyb has ideas for how we might try to shift functionality out of the debugger support scripts and instead &ldquo;handled it through traits and codegen&rdquo; (?)</li><li>debuginfo tests are effectively unmaintained because everyone has their own ways of ignoring the failures<ul><li>We should add // ignore to the problematic tests in the short term (but make sure to associate any such ignore with a rust-lang/rust issue).</li></ul></li><li>we might want to split the tests into debuginfo and debugger-pretty or something; the debuginfo stuff we must keep working, while debugger-pretty are more &ldquo;nice to have&rdquo; bits of functionality</li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#the-problems>The problems</a></li><li><a href=#the-meeting>The meeting</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>