<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2ftriage-meeting\2f 2019-08-29\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>2019.08.29</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2019-08-29>2019-08-29</h1><h2 id=volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</h2><ul><li>We&rsquo;ve had a few issues recently related to upgrading LLVM.
We&rsquo;d like to create a <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-08-29.20.2354818/near/174456953>new working group</a> which will focus on fixing ICEs and miscompilations caused by LLVM.</li></ul><h2 id=backport-nominations>Backport nominations</h2><ul><li><p>Account for doc comments coming from proc macros without spans <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/63930>#63930</a></p><ul><li>Accepted for beta backport</li></ul></li><li><p>fix nounwind attribute logic <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/63909>#63909</a></p><ul><li>Declined for beta backport</li></ul></li><li><p>Fix nested eager expansions in arguments of format_args <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/63717>#63717</a></p><ul><li>Accepted for beta backport</li></ul></li><li><p>Don&rsquo;t access a static just for its size and alignment <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/62982>#62982</a></p><ul><li>Accepted for beta backport</li></ul></li><li><p>debuginfo: give unique names to closure and generator types <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/63875>#63875</a></p><ul><li>Accepted for beta backport</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=working-group-sync>Working group sync</h2><h3 id=wg-mir-opthttpsrust-langgithubiocompiler-teamworking-groupsmir-opt><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>wg-mir-opt</a></h3><ul><li><p><a href=https://github.com/spastorino>@spastorino</a> has gotten Place 2.0 (a reimagining of <code>mir::Place</code> using slices for projections) with only a slight regression in memory usage on one compiler benchmark.</p><ul><li>They&rsquo;re currently working on fixing that regression.</li></ul></li><li><p><a href=https://github.com/wesleywiser>@wesleywiser</a> split promoted items out of <code>mir::Body</code> to prevent cycles in the optimization pipeline.</p><ul><li>They&rsquo;re continuing to work on making the <code>const_prop</code> pass more powerful.</li></ul></li></ul><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-08-29.20.2354818/near/174460086>Link to full conversation</a></p><h3 id=wg-nllhttpsrust-langgithubiocompiler-teamworking-groupsnll><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>wg-nll</a></h3><ul><li><p>A few soundess &ldquo;fixed-by-nll&rdquo; issues were closed recently.</p></li><li><p>Work is ongoing to stabilize bind-by-move pattern guards.</p></li></ul><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-08-29.20.2354818/near/174460730>Link to full conversation</a></p><h3 id=wg-parallel-rustchttpsrust-langgithubiocompiler-teamworking-groupsparallel-rustc><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>wg-parallel-rustc</a></h3><ul><li><p><a href=https://github.com/aturon>@aturon</a> is doing an audit of related PRs (accepted and pending) with a focus on shared state and lock semantics with multithreaded rustc.</p></li><li><p><a href=https://github.com/aturon>@aturon</a> is also going to be working on reducing locking and shared mutable state that exists outside the query system.</p></li></ul><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-08-29.20.2354818/near/174461122>Link to full conversation</a></p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</a></li><li><a href=#backport-nominations>Backport nominations</a></li><li><a href=#working-group-sync>Working group sync</a><ul><li><a href=#wg-mir-opthttpsrust-langgithubiocompiler-teamworking-groupsmir-opt><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>wg-mir-opt</a></a></li><li><a href=#wg-nllhttpsrust-langgithubiocompiler-teamworking-groupsnll><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>wg-nll</a></a></li><li><a href=#wg-parallel-rustchttpsrust-langgithubiocompiler-teamworking-groupsparallel-rustc><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>wg-parallel-rustc</a></a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>