<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019 04 25
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fminutes\2ftriage-meeting\2f 2019-04-25\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019 04 25</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2019-04-25>2019-04-25</h1><h2 id=volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</h2><ul><li>Somebody needed to reduce <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/60136>#60136</a></li><li>Somebody needed to write documentation <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/60059>#60059</a></li></ul><h2 id=backport-decisions>Backport decisions</h2><ul><li><p>&ldquo;Temporarily accept [i|u][32|size] suffixes on a tuple index and warn&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/60186>#60186</a></p><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-25.20.2354818/near/164176203>Accepted</a></li></ul></li><li><p>&ldquo;Revert &ldquo;compile crates under test w/ -Zemit-stack-sizes&rdquo; <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59911>#59911</a></p><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-25.20.2354818/near/164176203>Accepted</a></li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=working-group-sync>Working group sync</h2><h3 id=wg-rfc-2229-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-rfc-2229-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/rfc-2229/README.md>wg-rfc-2229</a></h3><ul><li><p>RFC 2229 is a proposal to change how closures capture variables.
Instead of capturing the complete variable when a part of it is used (ie <code>foo.bar</code>), only the &ldquo;path&rdquo; will be captured by the closure.</p></li><li><p>This requires a large amount of refactoring in the compiler.</p></li><li><p>There is currently a PR open which implements part of this but it regresses compiler error messages in some situtations.</p></li><li><p>There&rsquo;s been ongoing discussion as to next steps and other refactorings some of which have issues with light mentoring steps available.</p></li><li><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-25.20.2354818/near/164176279>Link to full discussion</a></p></li></ul><h3 id=wg-self-profile-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-self-profile-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/self-profile/README.md>wg-self-profile</a></h3><ul><li><p>wg-self-profile has been making progress toward the &ldquo;minimum viable product&rdquo; tracking issue <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58967>#58967</a>:</p><ul><li>A crate called measureme has been created which handles serializing and deserializing profiler events to a compact binary format.</li><li>The crate has been integrated with the existing self-profile infrastructure in rustc.</li><li>There are now summarization and flamegraph tools for processing the profiler data in the repo as well.</li></ul></li><li><p>The next step is to work on integrating the summarization tool with perf.rlo.</p></li><li><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/weekly.20meeting.202019-04-25.20.2354818/near/164177123>Link to full discussion</a></p></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#2019-04-25>2019-04-25</a><ul><li><a href=#volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</a></li><li><a href=#backport-decisions>Backport decisions</a></li><li><a href=#working-group-sync>Working group sync</a><ul><li><a href=#wg-rfc-2229-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-rfc-2229-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/rfc-2229/README.md>wg-rfc-2229</a></a></li><li><a href=#wg-self-profile-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-self-profile-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/self-profile/README.md>wg-self-profile</a></a></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>