<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>N O T E S
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fworking-groups\2fmeta\2fnotes\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>N O T E S</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=meta-meeting-notes>Meta Meeting Notes</h1><p>This document contains meeting notes from the Meta working group.</p><h2 id=2019-02-28-meeting-meeting20190228>2019-02-28: <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28>Meeting</a></h2><p><strong>Written by:</strong> <a href=https://github.com/spastorino>@spastorino</a></p><ul><li>What problems do we want to solve from a compiler team member perspective and from a contributor perspective?<ul><li>Help to grow the team by ensuring that we engage people who&rsquo;ve started to get active in rustc?</li><li>Provide a source of people who can help implement things without needing as much mentoring?</li></ul></li><li>What does it mean to be a journeyperson?<ul><li>You know something about the compiler?</li><li>People willing to commit some time to help run things</li><li>What is the role of a journeyperson in onboarding new compiler contributors?</li><li>r+ rights?</li><li>Start to do reviews?</li><li>What responsibilities should a journeyperson have?</li><li>Are journeypeople members of the team or is a journeyperson role considered a stepping stone toward being a member of the team?</li></ul></li><li>What are the qualifications and expectations for a member of the compiler team?</li><li>What&rsquo;s the difference between journeypeople and team members?<ul><li>Full members know &gt;1 area?</li><li>Or full members know enough to independently lead a WG in some area?</li></ul></li><li>What is the process for becoming a journeyperson?<ul><li>Should compiler team members nominate new journeypeople and then confirm it with the rest of the team?</li><li>Is there some formal mechanism for that?</li><li>Should compiler team members have a responsibility to mentor their proposed journeypersons through their new responsibilities?</li></ul></li><li>What is the process for transitioning from a journeyperson role to full membership?<ul><li>Same process as already exists for becoming a full member?</li></ul></li><li>Is there an ettiquette for journeypeople?<ul><li>What about team members?</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=2019-02-21-meeting-meeting20190221>2019-02-21: <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E21>Meeting</a></h2><p><strong>Written by:</strong> <a href=https://github.com/nikomatsakis>@nikomatsakis</a></p><p><strong>Purpose of meeting</strong>:</p><ul><li>Clarify the “scope” of the meta working group.<ul><li>What problems does the meta working group aim to solve?</li><li>What problems do we want to avoid creating? (e.g. bureaucracy, administrative overhead)</li></ul></li><li>Discuss working group “bootstrap process”<ul><li>What should each working group define?</li><li>What structure should a WG “check-in” have?</li><li>Can we produce a “WG Template” that I can then pass around to folks to fill out?</li></ul></li><li>What are the most actionable ideas and can we rank those?</li><li>Which ideas would be better suited for more “discussion meetings”?<ul><li>Steering meetings? Or should we use those for something else</li></ul></li></ul><p><strong>Working Group Components</strong>:</p><ul><li>Zulip Stream(s)</li><li>Zulip User Group (<code>WG-compiler-foo</code>)</li><li>GitHub Team? Someway for people to get notifications</li><li>GitHub Labels</li><li>Contact points:<ul><li>Leads</li><li>Compiler team liason — who will present</li><li>Maybe others that you can ping on Zulip to ask questions</li></ul></li><li>Across team:<ul><li>Some kind of table summarizing WGs</li></ul></li><li>Membership (default):<ul><li>We want to avoid any sort of formal membership to a working group. Instead a wg has leads and interested folk can subscribe to it to receive notifications on GitHub issues and in Zulip.</li></ul></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#meta-meeting-notes>Meta Meeting Notes</a><ul><li><a href=#2019-02-28-meeting-meeting20190228>2019-02-28: <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E28>Meeting</a></a></li><li><a href=#2019-02-21-meeting-meeting20190221>2019-02-21: <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/185694-t-compiler.2Fwg-meta/topic/meeting.202019.2E02.2E21>Meeting</a></a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>