<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2f design-meeting\2f 2019-11-29-repl-meeting\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>Read-Eval-Print-Loop (REPL) Extensions</strong></header><article class=markdown><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-11-29/near/182183477>Zulip stream</a> or read on the <a href=https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/131828tcompiler/72407designmeeting20191129.html>Zulip archive</a>.</li></ul><h1 id=agenda>Agenda</h1><ul><li><p>Design doc: <a href=https://hackmd.io/GJokfI0wQ0i4SIgRbFTmfw>https://hackmd.io/GJokfI0wQ0i4SIgRbFTmfw</a></p></li><li><p>Big picture overview and questions</p></li><li><p>Essential changes to support REPL extensions</p></li></ul><h1 id=big-picture-overview-of-design-and-on-the-fly-questions-about-it>Big picture overview of design, and on-the-fly questions about it</h1><ul><li><p>Read (to an AST), Compile (AST to MIR), Eval (the MIR to a value), Print (the value). and Loop.</p></li><li><p>Question: Is this going to be a tool analogous to miri, where check-in&rsquo;s that break it may not break CI immediately, but rather will just file follow-up bugs?</p><ul><li>Answer 1: it has to be a tool; it depends on miri (or a fork of miri)</li><li>Answer 2: it will be even less than a submodule (where a CI automatically files follow-up bugs): There
won&rsquo;t be any automatic filing of follow-up bugs (alexreg has said
they will handle maintenance manually); this is how miri and
clippy had initially started. It could become a submodule later.</li></ul></li><li><p>Question: Does this mean if we (rustc developers) make breaking
changes to the compiler, we won&rsquo;t necessarily know, right? (Unless
explicit tests are added to rustc test suite.)</p></li><li><p>Answer 1: Yes, but this is considered acceptable</p></li><li><p>Answer 2: We can annotate relevant points in <code>rustc</code> with <code>// REPL</code> comments,
(e.g. to avoid them being made private or removed due to lack of use in rustc).</p></li><li><p>Design doc is split into (interleaved) essential and non-essential changes</p></li><li><p>For remainder of meeting, we reviewed each essential change at a high level,
and asked participatnts about their thoughts on that change.</p></li></ul><h1 id=add-an-interpreter-mode-to-the-compiler-interface>Add an “interpreter mode” to the compiler interface</h1><ul><li><p>E.g. conditionally prevents dead user variable elimination.</p></li><li><p>for example, when you do <code>let x = ...</code> in the repl, you want <code>x</code> to be kept around for the future repl inputs.</p></li><li><p>Question: Are there other contexts where one would the dead-user-variable-elim optimization disable?</p></li><li><p>Answer 1: Probably not</p></li><li><p>Answer 2: Patching a running binary, perhaps</p></li><li><p>Question: What deos it mean to prepend local variables from previous evaluation sessions?</p></li><li><p>Answer: For each live variable add <code>#[rustc_repl_alive] let var: type;</code></p></li><li><p>Conclusion: No one objects to the addition of the &ldquo;interpreter mode&rdquo; flag</p></li></ul><h1 id=slightly-expanded-miri-api>Slightly expanded miri API</h1><ul><li><p>&ldquo;Added insert_alloc method to machine, used by REPL for restoring memory when deserialising previous evaluation session.&rdquo;</p><ul><li>There was some debate about exactly where this would need to go, but
everyone agreed that the functionality was necessary.</li></ul></li><li><p>&ldquo;Added hooks before_statement, after_statement, before_stack_push (renamed existing method), after_stack_push, before_stack_pop, after_stack_pop (renamed existing method).&rdquo;</p><ul><li>no objections to these additions</li></ul></li><li><p>&ldquo;Made stack pop behaviour more flexible, so as to allow the cleanup flag to be independent of wherever the action is null or a “goto”.&rdquo;</p><ul><li>Question: What are the stack pop changes?</li><li>Answer: it&rsquo;s important that we can exit a block / pop off the stack but still not perform cleanup (so as to be able to serialise the values of the locals when execution is done).</li><li>Question: Is the cleanup the running of destructors?</li><li>Answer: more like clearing the local&rsquo;s memory</li><li>no objections to this addition</li></ul></li></ul><h1 id=any-remainning-conerns-from-stake-holders>Any remainning conerns from stake holders?</h1><p>We reviewed some vague misgivings with certain design decisions, but
no one had strong objections.</p><p>Its not typical to accept changes like this for supporting other projects,
but it is also not unheard of (e.g. miri, priroda, clippy).</p><p>Conclusion: people are generally okay with moving forward with what
alexreg laid out, at least the Essential portion</p></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents></nav></aside></main></body></html>