<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2f design-meeting\2f 2019-11-16-Working-Group-Retrospective\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>Working Group Retrospective</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=working-group-retrospective>Working Group Retrospective</h1><ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-11-12>Zulip stream</a> or read on the <a href=https://zulip-archive.rust-lang.org/131828tcompiler/82575designmeeting20191112.html>Zulip archive</a></li></ul><h2 id=what-you-are-looking-at>What you are looking at</h2><p>We did a <a href=https://forms.gle/PmZVgsAWZckceT3Y6>short survey</a> before
the meeting. The following notes were scraped from the 10 responses. I
tried to de-duplicate common items. Towards the end, you will find
some minutes that were taken during the meeting itself. &ndash;nikomatsakis</p><h2 id=things-to-keep-doing>Things to KEEP doing</h2><ul><li>Working groups are useful</li><li>Nice to know who to talk to in order to get involved<ul><li>this was more of a struggle before</li></ul></li><li>Providing opportunities for mentorship is good</li><li>Scoping out small groups of decision makers for &ldquo;in the weeds&rdquo; decisions</li><li>Weekly updates</li><li>Dedicated Zulip streams: great to have ability to link/skim, even if most are muted</li><li>Regular meetings are a good way to keep working groups focused</li></ul><h2 id=things-to-stop-doing>Things to STOP doing</h2><ul><li>Maybe fewer working groups, with more time/energy invested in each?<ul><li>Some of the smaller WGs don&rsquo;t see much activity, could discourage people</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=things-to-start>Things to START</h2><ul><li>Check in with WGs not just about achievements but process<ul><li>e.g., diagnostics and mir-opt don&rsquo;t have any meetings</li><li>Question from editor: Not clear if the idea here is to try and have a more uniform process across teao use that as a signal that help may be needed<ul><li>yes, that&rsquo;s what I meant<ul><li>which is what you meant? :)</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Improve our labeling system<ul><li>Tag PRs with WG-XXX instead?<blockquote><p>[name=Centril] Instead or both? We (T-release) can still use A-* labels.
[name=Felix S Klock II] I worry about <em>switching</em> to this (rather than the A-categories) because it can mean that multiple WG&rsquo;s get pings for incidental stuff&mldr;? I guess the labels don&rsquo;t actually cause pings so maybe that doesn&rsquo;t matter. Another potential issue (again that arises from multiple WG-labels on one issue) is that it can become ambiguous <em>which</em> WG should be taking lead on something.</p></blockquote></li></ul></li><li>Proactive recruitment for specific working groups?</li><li>Devise metrics to evaluate effectiveness?<ul><li>[name=Centril] What would those metrics be (also&mldr; performance reviews? ^^ Rust is not a company; heh)</li><li>Should WGs create those?</li></ul></li><li>Figure out the &ldquo;wind down&rdquo; process (e.g., for groups like NLL and pipelined compilation)<ul><li>Do we need to document which members are responsible for long-term maintenance?</li><li>Consider e.g. NLL</li><li>How to ensure the remaining work gets done? A lot of it is falling to Matthew Jasper for NLL, is that ok?</li></ul></li><li>Some better way to advertise what we are doing</li></ul><h2 id=things-to-improve>Things to IMPROVE</h2><ul><li>Longer timeslot in compiler team triage meeting (maybe just a few minutes)<ul><li>More time for discussion or Q&amp;A related to plans, progress, etc<blockquote><p>[name=Felix S Klock II] maybe if we just moved it to the begining but had a hard limit on time?</p></blockquote></li></ul></li><li>Onboarding could still be improved</li><li>Some better way to get a sense of status without participation in every compiler team meeting<ul><li>Maybe use Inside Rust blog or other means to make more regular public announcements</li><li>Maybe a regular (but less frequent) time when <em>all</em> groups can check-in</li></ul></li><li>Require explicitly documented leaders, some older WGs are missing them</li><li>Improve use of WG labels:<ul><li>the set of github WG labels and actual WGs do not correspond in a meaningful fashion</li><li>Hard to know when to use the A label vs WG<ul><li>[name=Centril] This is primarily a matter for T-release triage. When in doubt, use both labels.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Distinction between shorter and longer term groups<ul><li>maybe use distinct terms</li><li>add metadata indicating this</li></ul></li><li>Help ensure that each working group has active leadership, which makes a big difference<ul><li>hard to find people with enough time</li><li>maybe we can help leaders?</li><li>multiple leads are good<ul><li>[name=mw] +1! [name=Centril] +1</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>More involvement from the lang team on Zulip is useful, developing a better working relationship between lang and compiler team would be good<ul><li>[name=Centril] The lang team recently &ldquo;moved&rdquo; to Zulip</li><li>[name=Centril] Narrowing the funnel through which T-lang adds new work to T-compiler&rsquo;s queue would be good</li></ul></li><li>Relationship between triaging wg (from release team) and compiler team
*</li><li>More retrospectives to help us reflect on how things are going!</li><li>compiler-team web pages feel like they could be better<ul><li>templates are not that useful</li><li>would be nice to have the updates there</li></ul></li><li>overhead of maintaining all the web pages and other things feels too high<ul><li>can we post updates in a more central fashion?</li></ul></li><li>fold the activity of &ldquo;regular contributors&rdquo; into the working groups more</li></ul><h2 id=other-things>Other things</h2><ul><li>don&rsquo;t generalize too much from NLL, it was a big prominent lang feature with lots of interest</li></ul><h2 id=notes-and-ideas-from-meeting>notes and ideas from meeting</h2><p>The following notes and conclusions were extracted during the meeting. For more details,
please see the complete <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/design.20meeting.202019-11-12>Zulip stream</a>.</p><h3 id=discussing-check-in-and-how-to-keep-the-info-up-to-date>discussing check-in and how to keep the info up to date</h3><ul><li>maybe a zulip stream that people can post updates to<ul><li>perhaps with bot support to scrape and collate</li><li>this would land in github in the form of meeting minutes</li><li>but it would also make it easy to catch up on the status</li></ul></li><li>make a point to help WGs develop roadmaps<ul><li>helps to frame check-ins</li></ul></li><li>metrics?<ul><li>but what? and let&rsquo;s not try to make this too much like a company</li></ul></li><li>wind-down<ul><li>things like NLL are winding down but it doesn&rsquo;t feel very organized</li><li>even the concept of wind-down requires more work on roadmaps, so this ties in with the point above</li><li>maybe the next step for winding down is to try and use that process, but aimed more at finding the work left to be done<ul><li>goal: &ldquo;what did we get done, what&rsquo;s left, and &ndash; if it matters &ndash; who will do it&rdquo;</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>kinds of working groups<ul><li>groups doing manual, recurring tasks and upkeep</li><li>groups around an area of the code (&ldquo;WG-NLL&rdquo;, &ldquo;WG-mir-opt&rdquo;)</li><li>project groups with a pretty clear goal (&ldquo;WG-NLL&rdquo;)<ul><li>maybe projects are things that &ldquo;area-based groups&rdquo; do?</li></ul></li><li>groups to ping people (&ldquo;ICE-breakers&rdquo;, &ldquo;WG-rollups&rdquo;)</li></ul></li><li>labels<ul><li>some way to indicate that the issue has been triaged by a given wg (e.g., <code>AsyncAwait-Triaged</code>)</li></ul></li><li>follow-up topics to drill into more<ul><li>creation of wgs is undocumented<ul><li>there are ongoing activities that it would be great to &ldquo;capture&rdquo; in a WG</li></ul></li><li>designation of kinds of working groups didn&rsquo;t reach much of a conclusion</li></ul></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#what-you-are-looking-at>What you are looking at</a></li><li><a href=#things-to-keep-doing>Things to KEEP doing</a></li><li><a href=#things-to-stop-doing>Things to STOP doing</a></li><li><a href=#things-to-start>Things to START</a></li><li><a href=#things-to-improve>Things to IMPROVE</a></li><li><a href=#other-things>Other things</a></li><li><a href=#notes-and-ideas-from-meeting>notes and ideas from meeting</a><ul><li><a href=#discussing-check-in-and-how-to-keep-the-info-up-to-date>discussing check-in and how to keep the info up to date</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>