<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019.05.28 Meeting
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fworking-groups\2flearning\2fminutes\2f 2019.05.28-meeting\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019.05.28 Meeting</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=learning-wg-5-28-19-sync-meeting>Learning WG 5.28.19 sync meeting</h1><h2 id=triaging-rustc-guide-repo>Triaging rustc-guide repo</h2><ul><li>Some discussion about how to assign issues on the rust-lang/rustc-guide repo</li><li>Problem: can&rsquo;t assign issues to non-members</li><li>Possible solutions:<ul><li>Add WG-learning members to repo so they can be assigned</li><li>use <code>triagebot</code> model: bot is assigned the issue and edits the OP to mention the current owner.</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=forge>Forge</h2><ul><li>Discussed purpose of the forge and how it differs from rustc-guide</li><li>Niko feels that most of the content in the forge doesn&rsquo;t obviously belong in the guide and that the stuff currently in the guide feels like it belongs in the guide</li><li>Forge is for team procedures, infra stuff<ul><li>would also be good to add craterbot and rustc-timer links to forge (probably link to READMEs of their repos)</li></ul></li><li>link forge from main page</li></ul><blockquote><p>my rule of thumb [for what to put in the guide] is sort of &ldquo;is this something you would do while fixing a compiler bug or implementing a compiler feature&rdquo; -niko</p></blockquote><h2 id=lectures>Lectures</h2><ul><li>Do one on MIR and HAIR construction</li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#learning-wg-5-28-19-sync-meeting>Learning WG 5.28.19 sync meeting</a><ul><li><a href=#triaging-rustc-guide-repo>Triaging rustc-guide repo</a></li><li><a href=#forge>Forge</a></li><li><a href=#lectures>Lectures</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>