<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>2019 05 02
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://unbalancedparentheses.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2f docs\2fminutes\2ftriage-meeting\2f 2019-05-02\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a><br></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/proposals/><strong>Proposals</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/><strong>Procedures</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/template/>Template</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/docs/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a><br></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>2019 05 02</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=2019-05-02>2019-05-02</h1><h2 id=volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</h2><ul><li>call for assistance: Does someone have an ARM (and maybe also MUSL?) host they could use to try to replicate <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/60297>&ldquo;Stable rustc always panics on arm/musl&rdquo;</a></li></ul><h2 id=backport-decisions>Backport decisions</h2><ul><li>There were no beta- nor stable-nominations for backport.</li></ul><h2 id=working-group-sync>Working group sync</h2><h3 id=wg-meta-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-meta-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/meta/README.md>wg-meta</a></h3><ul><li><p>The compiler contributor RFC is in FCP and should be merged soon.</p></li><li><p>They are trying to get some sort of &ldquo;design meeting&rdquo; up and going.
The plan is to discuss that initial proposal in more depth tomorrow at steering meeting, and then get started after that.</p></li><li><p>The compiler-team repo has a list of issues tracking things that wg-meta would like to get done.</p><ul><li>call for assistance: <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/73>Convert the compiler-team repo to use GitHub pages</a></li></ul></li></ul><h3 id=wg-rls-2-0-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-rls-2-0-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/rls-2.0/README.md>wg-rls-2.0</a></h3><ul><li><p>Lots of progress happening!</p></li><li><p>Work is being done to expand macros by example so the analyser can understand the generated code.</p></li><li><p>Chalk is being integrated (<a href=https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer/pull/1216>#1216</a>).</p></li><li><p>The rustc lexer code is being extracted into a separate crate (<a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/60261>#60261</a>).</p></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#2019-05-02>2019-05-02</a><ul><li><a href=#volunteers-wanted>Volunteers wanted</a></li><li><a href=#backport-decisions>Backport decisions</a></li><li><a href=#working-group-sync>Working group sync</a><ul><li><a href=#wg-meta-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-meta-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/meta/README.md>wg-meta</a></a></li><li><a href=#wg-rls-2-0-https-github-com-rust-lang-compiler-team-blob-master-working-groups-rls-2-0-readme-md><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/working-groups/rls-2.0/README.md>wg-rls-2.0</a></a></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>