<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2fworking-groups\2frustc-dev-guide\2fminutes\2f 2019.06.11-meeting\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>Rustc Dev Guide WG 2019-06-11 sync meeting</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=rustc-dev-guide-wg-2019-06-11-sync-meeting>Rustc Dev Guide WG 2019-06-11 sync meeting</h1><h2 id=wip-stuff>WIP stuff</h2><ul><li><p>Write an overview chapter (lokalmatador)</p><ul><li>Steady progress, about to finish up the part on HIR and moving on to MIR</li><li>Changed the example to bubblesort in the meantime using some mutable borrows</li><li>Stick to old trait solver for now, according to Niko</li><li>Draft/WIP: <a href=https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/A-first-glance-at-rustc--AexZRkGI1D_0C_eqE5ZBqmgjAQ-Mk45wFbBKBT9C8e9rPaCd>https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/A-first-glance-at-rustc--AexZRkGI1D_0C_eqE5ZBqmgjAQ-Mk45wFbBKBT9C8e9rPaCd</a></li></ul></li><li><p>Transcribe the Compiler Lecture Series into chapters</p><ul><li>amanjeev: debugging support<ul><li>Merge what we have and iterate</li><li>Needs to be reviewed</li></ul></li><li>juanbono: coherence in chalk<ul><li>Working with igaray</li></ul></li><li>igaray: representing types in rustc<ul><li>No progress, but have not dropped it</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p>Add rustc guide to toolstate (mark-i-m)</p><ul><li><a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/59772>https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/59772</a></li><li>libssl dependency is annoying (need to investigate)</li></ul></li><li><p>Closure desugaring work (mark-i-m)</p><ul><li><a href=https://github.com/blitzerr/rustc-dev-guide/pull/1>https://github.com/blitzerr/rustc-dev-guide/pull/1</a></li><li>waiting on author who seems busy&mldr; will probably just merge and iterate later</li></ul></li><li><p>Organizing MIR and HAIR talks (spastorino)</p><ul><li>oli-obk is going to do something this month, needs time</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=triaging-rustc-dev-guide>Triaging rustc-dev-guide</h2><ul><li>spastorino will ask @Pietro Albini about progress on triagebot.</li><li>If triagebot will be ready soon, wait.</li><li>Otherwise add people to the repo with read perms only. When triagebot is ready maybe switch to that.</li></ul><h2 id=forgeguide-where-to-link>forge/guide, where to link</h2><ul><li>There is a planned contributing page: <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/www.rust-lang.org/issues/440>https://github.com/rust-lang/www.rust-lang.org/issues/440</a></li><li>If someone has time we (WG-rustc-dev-guide) should try to push that forward, otherwise, waiting for this to be done&mldr;</li></ul><h2 id=adding-people-to-the-rustc-dev-guide-toolstate-list>adding people to the rustc-dev-guide toolstate list</h2><ul><li>spastorino volunteers to be added</li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#wip-stuff>WIP stuff</a></li><li><a href=#triaging-rustc-dev-guide>Triaging rustc-dev-guide</a></li><li><a href=#forgeguide-where-to-link>forge/guide, where to link</a></li><li><a href=#adding-people-to-the-rustc-dev-guide-toolstate-list>adding people to the rustc-dev-guide toolstate list</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>