<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta http-equiv=refresh content="0; url=https://forge.rust-lang.org/compiler/index.html"></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$=\2f compiler-team\2fminutes\2fsteering-meeting\2f 2019-01-17\2f ]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><p><strong>About</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/>Documentation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/debugging/>Debugging</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rustc-dev-guide/>Rustc Dev Guide</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/prioritization/>Prioritization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu>
</label><strong>2019.01.17</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=20190117>2019.01.17</h1><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17>Zulip topic</a></p><p>We <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.coma/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156373953>discussed the upcoming Rust All Hands</a>.</p><p>One of the first things we focused on is <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374223>trying to get consensus
about what the <strong>P1 Problems</strong> are that we are aiming to
tackle</a>.
<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375133>Our goal is to have this list complete before the all
hands</a>.
Our <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374353>initial
list</a>
looked like this:</p><ul><li>compilation time<ul><li>better compilation time investigation tools/analysis</li><li>this should work in cooperation with cargo, so we can see whole story</li></ul></li><li>rls, completions</li><li>“too hard to do anything” — technical debt</li><li>“too hard to find people to do things” — organizational debt<ul><li>hard to learn, monolithic architecture</li><li>poorly documented</li><li>long compilation times, memory requirements</li></ul></li></ul><p>Looking at it, we realized a few things:</p><ul><li>in past meetings, we&rsquo;ve discussed how it feels <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374713>hard to justify time spent writing docs</a>. In general, we felt we <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374924>needed some form of concrete incentive</a>, similar to how <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374984>performance optimization gets you that nice green bar</a>. To that end we talked about:<ul><li><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374831>maybe we can set some specific documentation targets?</a> For example, enabling <code>deny(missing_docs)</code> by summer.</li><li>or identify some other form of <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156374860>doc coverage metric</a></li><li>we might also <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375096>block PRs that lower the doc threshold</a></li></ul></li><li>in general, this seemed like a good topic to revist under a <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375119>&ldquo;compiler team governance and apprenticeship&rdquo; meeting at all hands</a></li></ul><p>In terms of the all hands, one idea for a <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375133>possible outcome is to try
and produce a &ldquo;slew of technical design
RFCs&rdquo;</a>,
at least for certain key areas (e.g., the so-called MIR 2.0). We later
softened this to a <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375466>&ldquo;technical outline plus a plan for who writes the
full
text&rdquo;</a>,
where a <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375486>&ldquo;plan&rdquo; includes who will do
what</a>.</p><p>One possibility is having <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156375605>&ldquo;breakout
sessions&rdquo;</a>
where a smaller set of people go off to focus on some questions and
then bring the results back to the group. It&rsquo;s not clear how or if
this will fit in the schedule.</p><p>We then turned to the topic of the RLS. Initially, we were
contemplating starting out with some &ldquo;review sessions&rdquo;, but we
ultimately decided to try and <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376045>produce that material before the all
hands</a>. Ideally,
for all of our major meetings, we&rsquo;d have some kind of review material
to get people in sync. <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376208>Offline material can be enjoyed by
others</a>,
and it&rsquo;s <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376209>nice for people to be able to review it at their
liesure</a>.</p><p>When it comes to the RLS, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156376502>we decided to take a &ldquo;tech first&rdquo;
approach</a>
&ndash; basically focus on the technical design we want, and then talk
about the best way to get it (e.g., improve RLS in place, start over a
la rust-analyzer, etc). matklad, xanework, and nikomatsakis held a
separate discussion to settle on an initial agenda
(<a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/ide.20design.20meeting>topic</a>).</p><p>For the &ldquo;second most important topic&rdquo;, <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377313>we settled on &ldquo;organizational
questions&rdquo;</a>. The <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377810>&ldquo;root goal&rdquo; of any organizational alternatives would be</a>:</p><ul><li>be intentional about what we are doing: make sure we are making progress on the problems we think are most important</li><li>grow the team</li><li>maintain/increase quality</li></ul><p>Some sample agenda items were <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377556>how to handle factoring of compiler
into libraries and how it relates to team
structure</a>. There
was a consensus that having more focused subteams would reflect the
reality that <a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156377808>the compiler is too complex for one human to fully
understand</a>
(unless they are eddyb).</p><p><a href=https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-01-17/near/156378043>Concluding comment</a>:</p><blockquote><p>I feel like we made some good progress on the concept of how to approach IDE discusson.:</p><ul><li>We will start by elaborating technical design and let that guide us the rest of the way.</li><li>We will have some review materials available before the all hands</li><li>We will have a short meeting (like, nowish) to try and create agenda</li></ul><p>it seems like we consider <strong>organizational matters</strong> the next most
important thing to discuss as a group. I feel a bit less clear on
what the &ldquo;agenda&rdquo; will be, but maybe we&rsquo;ll feel our way, or else
maybe we should have some more pre-discussion about it. I would at
least be up for trying to prepare a kind of straw-person proposal.</p></blockquote></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents></nav></aside></main></body></html>